src/content/products/ar/isstracker.md, before:

---
title: ISS Tracker
description: Track the International Space Station in real-time. Know exactly when it passes overhead and discover who is currently on board.
pubDate: 2024-11-04
tags: ["Education", "Tracker"]
heroImage: /images/apps/isstracker_banner.webp
client: BeHonor Studio
role: Educational Tracker
services: [Location Tracking, Real-time APIs, Android]
website: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
isFeatured: true
---

## Overview

**ISS Tracker** brings the wonders of low-Earth orbit right to your pocket. Designed for students, astronomers, and space enthusiasts, it provides an exact, real-time map of the International Space Station's location, speed, and altitude.

## Features

- **Real-Time Map**: Watch the ISS move across a highly detailed, interactive Earth map.
- **Pass Notifications**: Get alerted minutes before the station is visible from your specific location, taking the guesswork out of stargazing.
- **Crew Information**: See exactly who is currently in space, their roles, and how many days they've been off-world.
- **Stunning UI**: A dark, space-themed interface that feels like a command center.

## The Challenge

Calculating accurate orbital mechanics on a mobile device while minimizing API calls to prevent battery drain was a significant hurdle. Furthermore, turning raw lat/long coordinates into a smooth, visually appealing map track required precise interpolation.

## The Solution

We built a lightweight caching layer that interpolates the position of the station locally between API updates, resulting in buttery-smooth tracking without spamming external servers or draining the user's phone.

[Download ISS Tracker on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker)

Commit message:

feat: update product content with Google Play localized names and descriptions
- Flick Wand now uses localized names from Google Play in all 17 languages
  (e.g. 一指生花, 魔法陣タッチ, 마법제스처, GestoMágico, МагЖест, etc.)
- ISS Tracker and LogicCraft descriptions translated for each locale
- Removed 'The Challenge/The Solution' format, now using Google Play style
- Product descriptions based on actual Google Play Store content
- All 51 product files (17 langs × 3 apps) regenerated

src/content/products/ar/isstracker.md, after:

---
title: "ISS Tracker"
description: "تتبع محطة الفضاء الدولية في الوقت الفعلي واحصل على تنبؤات دقيقة بالمرور وشاهد الفيديو المباشر."
pubDate: 2024-11-04
tags: ["Space", "Tracking"]
heroImage: /images/apps/isstracker_banner.webp
client: BeHonor Studio
role: Space Tracking App
services: [Real-time Tracking, Space, Live Video]
website: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
isFeatured: true
---

🛰️ **ISS Tracker** — تتبع محطة الفضاء الدولية في الوقت الفعلي واحصل على تنبؤات دقيقة بالمرور وشاهد الفيديو المباشر.

ISS Tracker is an Android application for tracking the International Space Station (ISS) in real time.

## Core Features

- 🗺️ **Real-time orbital tracking** — Interactive map displaying the current location and orbit of the ISS.
- 📊 **Visible pass predictions** — Calculated based on your local time, elevation, and eclipse conditions.
- 📺 **Live HD video streams** — Watch cameras aboard the ISS in real time.
- 📡 **Real-time telemetry data** — Altitude, speed, latitude, and longitude at your fingertips.

Hope you enjoy exploring space with ISS Tracker!

[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker)
