src/content/products/ar/logiccraft.md, before:

---
title: LogicCraft
description: Challenge your brain with endless logical puzzles. Connect, solve, and master intricately designed levels that will put your intellect to the test.
pubDate: 2024-05-15
tags: ["Puzzle", "Games"]
heroImage: /images/apps/logiccraft_banner.webp
client: BeHonor Studio
role: Puzzle Game
services: [Game Design, Logic Puzzles, Mobile App]
website: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonorstudio.logiccraft
link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonorstudio.logiccraft
isFeatured: true
---

## Overview

**LogicCraft** is the ultimate destination for puzzle lovers. Designed carefully to push your deductive reasoning to its limits, the game offers hundreds of progressively difficult stages. Whether you have 5 minutes to spare on a commute or an hour to dive deep into complex logic, this game has the perfect puzzle for you.

## Features

- **Progressive Difficulty**: Starts with simple tutorials and scales into mind-bending grid puzzles.
- **Daily Challenges**: Fresh new puzzles every day to keep your brain active.
- **Clean UI**: A distraction-free, minimalist design focusing entirely on the puzzle mechanics.
- **Hint System**: Get subtle nudges in the right direction without spoiling the answer.

## The Challenge

Building a logic game requires a delicate balance between difficulty and frustration. The primary challenge was generating levels that were mathematically sound (having a single unique solution) while still being solvable by a human using logical deduction, rather than straight guesswork. 

## The Solution

We developed a custom puzzle generator algorithm that not only creates the grids but actively attempts to solve them using human-like strategies to ensure the difficulty curve feels natural and rewarding.

[Download LogicCraft on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonorstudio.logiccraft)

Commit message:

feat: update product content with Google Play localized names and descriptions
- Flick Wand now uses localized names from Google Play in all 17 languages
  (e.g. 一指生花, 魔法陣タッチ, 마법제스처, GestoMágico, МагЖест, etc.)
- ISS Tracker and LogicCraft descriptions translated for each locale
- Removed 'The Challenge/The Solution' format, now using Google Play style
- Product descriptions based on actual Google Play Store content
- All 51 product files (17 langs × 3 apps) regenerated

src/content/products/ar/logiccraft.md, after:

---
title: "LogicCraft"
description: "مجموعة ألغاز نظيفة وسريعة بتصميم بسيط لتدريب عقلك."
pubDate: 2024-05-15
tags: ["Puzzle", "Games"]
heroImage: /images/apps/logiccraft_banner.webp
client: BeHonor Studio
role: Puzzle Game
services: [Game Design, Logic Puzzles, Mobile App]
website: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonorstudio.logiccraft
link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonorstudio.logiccraft
isFeatured: true
---

**LogicCraft** — مجموعة ألغاز نظيفة وسريعة بتصميم بسيط لتدريب عقلك.

Challenge your mind with this sleek collection of beloved puzzle games, beautifully redesigned with a clean, minimalist aesthetic. LogicCraft brings together classic games in one lightweight package.

## Featured Games

- **Wordle** — Test your vocabulary skills by guessing the hidden word in 6 tries.
- **Word Search** — Exercise your focus and attention to detail by finding hidden words in a grid.
- **Minesweeper** — A classic game of logic and deduction — clear the field without triggering any mines.
- **2048** — Join the numbers strategically to reach 2048 and beyond.

## Key Features

- ✓ Clean, modern interface with intuitive controls
- ✓ Lightweight app size — takes minimal storage space
- ✓ Smooth, responsive performance
- ✓ Elegant minimalist design
- ✓ Perfect for quick gaming sessions
- ✓ Offline play — no internet required

Whether you're waiting for your coffee, commuting, or just need a quick mental challenge, LogicCraft offers the perfect blend of casual entertainment and brain training.

[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonorstudio.logiccraft)
