src/content/products/en/isstracker.md, before:

---
title: ISS Tracker
description: Track the International Space Station in real-time. Know exactly when it passes overhead and discover who is currently on board.
pubDate: 2024-11-04
tags: ["Education", "Tracker"]
heroImage: /images/apps/isstracker_banner.webp
client: BeHonor Studio
role: Educational Tracker
services: [Location Tracking, Real-time APIs, Android]
website: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
isFeatured: true
---

## Overview

**ISS Tracker** brings the wonders of low-Earth orbit right to your pocket. Designed for students, astronomers, and space enthusiasts, it provides an exact, real-time map of the International Space Station's location, speed, and altitude.

## Features

- **Real-Time Map**: Watch the ISS move across a highly detailed, interactive Earth map.
- **Pass Notifications**: Get alerted minutes before the station is visible from your specific location, taking the guesswork out of stargazing.
- **Crew Information**: See exactly who is currently in space, their roles, and how many days they've been off-world.
- **Stunning UI**: A dark, space-themed interface that feels like a command center.

## The Challenge

Calculating accurate orbital mechanics on a mobile device while minimizing API calls to prevent battery drain was a significant hurdle. Furthermore, turning raw lat/long coordinates into a smooth, visually appealing map track required precise interpolation.

## The Solution

We built a lightweight caching layer that interpolates the position of the station locally between API updates, resulting in buttery-smooth tracking without spamming external servers or draining the user's phone.

[Download ISS Tracker on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker)

Commit message:

feat: update product content with Google Play localized names and descriptions
- Flick Wand now uses localized names from Google Play in all 17 languages
  (e.g. 一指生花, 魔法陣タッチ, 마법제스처, GestoMágico, МагЖест, etc.)
- ISS Tracker and LogicCraft descriptions translated for each locale
- Removed 'The Challenge/The Solution' format, now using Google Play style
- Product descriptions based on actual Google Play Store content
- All 51 product files (17 langs × 3 apps) regenerated

src/content/products/en/isstracker.md, after:

---
title: "ISS Tracker"
description: "Track the ISS real-time, get precision pass predictions, and watch live video."
pubDate: 2024-11-04
tags: ["Space", "Tracking"]
heroImage: /images/apps/isstracker_banner.webp
client: BeHonor Studio
role: Space Tracking App
services: [Real-time Tracking, Space, Live Video]
website: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker
isFeatured: true
---

🛰️ **ISS Tracker** — Track the ISS real-time, get precision pass predictions, and watch live video.

ISS Tracker is an Android application for tracking the International Space Station (ISS) in real time.

## Core Features

- 🗺️ **Real-time orbital tracking** — Interactive map displaying the current location and orbit of the ISS.
- 📊 **Visible pass predictions** — Calculated based on your local time, elevation, and eclipse conditions.
- 📺 **Live HD video streams** — Watch cameras aboard the ISS in real time.
- 📡 **Real-time telemetry data** — Altitude, speed, latitude, and longitude at your fingertips.

Hope you enjoy exploring space with ISS Tracker!

[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.behonor.iss_tracker)
